UPGRADE.md, before:

Upgrading Instructions for Yii2 Bootstrap 4
===========================================

This file contains the upgrade notes for yii2-bootstrap4. These notes highlight changes
that could break your application when you upgrade from one version to another.
Even though we try to ensure backwards compatibility (BC) as much as possible, sometimes
it is not possible or very complicated to avoid it and still create a good solution to
a problem. You may also want to check out the [versioning policy](https://github.com/yiisoft/yii2/blob/master/docs/internals/versions.md)
for further details.

> Note: The following upgrading instructions are cumulative. That is,
if you want to upgrade from version A to version C and there is
version B between A and C, you need to follow the instructions
for both A and B.

Upgrade from version 2.0.3
--------------------------

* Version 2.0.3 introduced the `activateContainer` option for `Nav`. Recent changes have
  made this option obsolete and it has therefore has been deleted. Please make sure you
  are not using it. If you are, remove it from your code.

Commit message:

Fix #191: Added `centerVertical`, `scrollable`, `dialogOptions` options to Modal and `role="document"` to `modal-dialog` element

UPGRADE.md, after:

Upgrading Instructions for Yii2 Bootstrap 4
===========================================

This file contains the upgrade notes for yii2-bootstrap4. These notes highlight changes
that could break your application when you upgrade from one version to another.
Even though we try to ensure backwards compatibility (BC) as much as possible, sometimes
it is not possible or very complicated to avoid it and still create a good solution to
a problem. You may also want to check out the [versioning policy](https://github.com/yiisoft/yii2/blob/master/docs/internals/versions.md)
for further details.

> Note: The following upgrading instructions are cumulative. That is,
if you want to upgrade from version A to version C and there is
version B between A and C, you need to follow the instructions
for both A and B.

Upgrade from version 2.0.8
--------------------------

* The markup generated by `yii\bootstrap4\Modal` has been changed to include the 
  `role="document"` attribute on the `modal-dialog` element. This should not cause any 
  changes to behaviour or usability and is included for accessibility purposes only. 

Upgrade from version 2.0.3
--------------------------

* Version 2.0.3 introduced the `activateContainer` option for `Nav`. Recent changes have
  made this option obsolete and it has therefore has been deleted. Please make sure you
  are not using it. If you are, remove it from your code.
